Question 1 asks you to list three potential users segments of interest for Food Fast.
There are many many behavioral and user characteristics that
might impact how a customer uses a food delivery app like Food Fast.
Demographic divisions, such as age,
occupation, and location might come to mind.
Behavioral characteristics such as the frequency with which orders are placed on the app,
the time of day which a user typically logs in,
or the device used by a user might also spring to mind.
As long as the segments you thought of can be subdivided into
smaller groups that are likely to have different needs or use cases,
you have identified a user segment of interest for the Food Fast app.
Note, if you're acting as a product manager for the Food Fast app,
you would need to make sure to ask your users to fill out profiles with
their demographic information to ensure you have
the information you want on your users when you go to segment.
Question 2 asks you to provide a reason that might
impact the way a user segment orders food via food delivery app.
As a product manager,
you can access a great deal of information about users.
Identifying segments of interests allows you to spend more time
analyzing segments that are most likely to have differences in performance and usage.
One example of a segment you might see differences in behavior from is age,
age would be a segment of interest,
because we know people in their teenage years are
more likely to still be in school than older adults.
This might influence the hours during which delivery
occurs and the type of food being delivered,
think late night study session versus healthy workbench.
Of course, these are all just hypotheses,
but that we can think of
these potential usage differences means we should probably dive into
the actual data to see if there are opportunities
to optimize the user experience for different age groups.
Another example of a segment we should examine is
a funnel conversion and feature usage for users on different device types.
Because different devices provide different layouts and options,
devices almost always something to consider when segmenting user Data.
Mobile users might be on the go and want more quick order options,
whereas desktop users with
their additional screen size might respond better to additional information and reviews,
plus some bugs are device specific,
so examining performance by device can indicate
potential technical issues or UX rough spots affecting only one device type.
Question 3 asks us to break our identified segments
into smaller divisions that could be useful for comparison.
Here are three examples of divisions you might use when looking at age,
device, and location segments.
For age, under 20s might be one useful age band,
which likely corresponds to a specific stage in a user's life, 21-25,
and then the typical grouping of users into decades such as 26-35,
36-45 and so on,
is one possible way to segment age into divisions.
For device, useful segments are typically tablet versus smartphone versus desktop.
Additional segmentation by operating system is
also often applied when looking at device segments.
Finally, for location, rural versus,
suburban, versus urban are traditional divisions.
In the case of a food delivery app,
which relies on restaurants near a user's location,
we might want to consider
a slightly different approach that groups
users based on whether they have a small number,
medium number, or large number of restaurants in a 20 mile delivery zone.